Update cr-installation documentation (#1935)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/050-cr-installation.md

| **spec.components.name** | **YES** | Specifies the name of the component which is the same as the name of the component subdirectory in the `resources` directory. |
| **spec.components.namespace** | **YES** | Defines the Namespace in which you want the Installer to install, or update the component. |
| **spec.components.release** | **NO** | Provides the name of the Helm release. The default parameter is the component name. |

## Related resources and components

These components use this CR:

| Component   |   Description |
|:----------:|:------|

> | Installer  |  CR triggers installation/update/deletion of the provided components |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Installer  |  The CR triggers the installer to install, update or delete of the specified components. |
```
